Feature/readme (#6)
Sopamo/clustercache: package/README.md

<div align="center">
<h1>Cluster Cache</h1>
Speed up your application using Cluster Cache 
</div>
<hr>
<br />

## Requirements

* Laravel >= 9.0
* [SHMOP](https://www.php.net/manual/en/ref.shmop.php)

### Optional Requirements
* [Igbinary](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.igbinary.php) - it isn't mandatory but influences on the performance

## Installation
```bash

> composer require sopamo/clustercache

Reviewer: Ok, so I finally found out, that it only installed one specific branch (feature/package) because that still had a composer.json in the root of the project. Turns out all packages that get installed via composer need to have a composer.json in their root. Once you change it accordingly, I can finish reviewing the installation :)

> composer require sopamo/clustercache

Author: I think I can switch to PHP 8.0. Laravel 9 supports PHP 8.0

Hmm how do you suggest to  solve issue with `composer.json`? Should we have 2 repos? `project-test` exists mainly to run tests

> composer require sopamo/clustercache

Reviewer: Usually the composer.json is in the same folder (or even higher up) than the folder that contains tests (see kl relaunch for example). You think that would be a problem?

The php doc is not a good source for installation instructions. Generally, you can just install shmop via apt. In a php based docker container, I think you can also install it with a special command to install php extensions. I think we should provide different installation instructions for these two environments.

```

## Setup

> You need to add the `clustercache` driver into your `config/cache.php`:
> ```php
> 'clustercache' => [
>     'driver' => 'clustercache',
> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to add a new `clustercache` store to your `config/cache.php`:
```php
'stores' => [
  'clustercache' => [
      'driver' => 'clustercache',
  ],
  // Your existing stores stay here
],
```

### Optional Requirements
* [Igbinary](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.igbinary.php) - it isn't mandatory but influences on the performance

## SHMOP installation

### Ubuntu / Debian

> On the Linux distributions, you can install the extension from the official repo:

Reviewer: apt is not available on all linux distros.
```suggestion
On Ubuntu / Debian based distributions, you can install the extension via apt:
```

```bash
sudo apt-get update 
sudo apt-get install php-shmop
```

### Docker

> You can use [Docker PHP Extension Installer](https://github.com/mlocati/docker-php-extension-installer) to install SHMOP extension in the image:

Reviewer: It didn't even know this existed. I was thinking about the official install tool for extensions mentioned in the Readme of the official php docker image: https://hub.docker.com/_/php

Especially if shmop doesn't need any additional dependencies (I believe it doesn't), then I would suggest to use the official installer instead of this 3rd party one.

Author: I didn't know that

```

### Docker

> You can use the bellow command to install SHMOP extension in the image:

Reviewer: You can use the following command to install the SHMOP extension in your image:
